Dear NAACL members,

The Nominating Committee for the North American Chapter of the
Association for Computational Linguistics (NAACL) has chosen the
following candidates for the open positions on the NAACL board with
two year terms beginning January 2019. Additional nominations can be
made until November 15th, 2018.

The names below appear in random order.

Treasurer (one opening):

* Jonathan May
  University of Southern California / Information Sciences Institute
  http://jonmay.net

* Matthew Stone
  Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey
  https://www.cs.rutgers.edu/~mdstone/

Board Member (two openings):

* Joyce Chai
  Michigan State University
  http://www.cse.msu.edu/~jchai

* Aline Villavicencio
  Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul (Brazil) and the University of Essex (UK)
  https://sites.google.com/view/alinev/

* Kevin Duh
  Johns Hopkins University
  http://cs.jhu.edu/~kevinduh/

* Graham Neubig
  Carnegie Mellon University
  http://www.phontron.com

Candidate statements will be posted at http://naacl.org/elections/2019/

Additional nominations:

Additional nominations can be submitted until November 15th, 2018. To
make a nomination, three or more NAACL members should send email to
Colin Cherry (colin.a.cherry@gmail.com), the NAACL secretary,
expressing support for the nominee and giving evidence that he or she
will serve if elected. (It is recommended that this evidence consist
of a forwarded email from the nominee containing a candidate
statement, a biographical sketch, homepage URL, and a brief
affirmation of intent to serve if elected.) In addition, the nominees
for Chair should meet the criteria set out in the NAACL constitution.

Election process:

The voting period will begin once the final slate of candidates and
voting instructions are announced (soon after November 15th, 2018),
and is scheduled to close on December 15th, 2018.

Many thanks to the Nominating Committee for doing the hard work of
putting together an excellent slate of nominees.

Nominating committee for the 2019 elections:

* Michael White (chair)
* Eduard Hovy
* Matt Post
* Fei Xia
* Hal Daum√© III

For more information about the NAACL, NAACL officer responsibilities,
and NAACL election procedures, please see the NAACL home page
(http://naacl.org/) and the NAACL constitution
(http://naacl.org/policies/constitution.html).

Lapsed Members:

If you were a member of the NAACL last year or the year before and
wish to participate in these elections, please renew your membership
for 2018 and you will also receive instructions to vote in this
election.

Sincerely,

Colin Cherry
NAACL Secretary
(colin.a.cherry@gmail.com)
