Dear NAACL members,

The Nominating Committee for the North American Chapter of the
Association for Computational Linguistics (NAACL) has chosen the
following candidates for the open positions on the NAACL board with
two year terms beginning January 2020. Additional nominations can be
made until November 15th, 2019.

The names below appear in random order.

Chair (one opening):

* Colin Cherry
  Google
  https://sites.google.com/site/colinacherry/

Secretary (one opening):

* Heng Ji
  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
  http://blender.cs.illinois.edu/hengji.html

* Steven Bethard
  University of Arizona
  https://bethard.faculty.arizona.edu/

Board Member (three openings):

* David Traum
  University of Southern California Institute for Creative Technologies
  http://people.ict.usc.edu/~traum/

* Thamar Solorio
  University of Houston
  http://solorio.uh.edu/

* Smaranda Muresan
  Columbia University
  http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~smara/

* Aline Villavicencio
  Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul (Brazil) and the University of Sheffield (UK)
  https://sites.google.com/view/alinev/

* Amittai Axelrod
  DiDi Chuxing

Candidate statements will be posted at http://naacl.org/elections/2020/

Additional nominations:

Additional nominations can be submitted until November 15th, 2019. To
make a nomination, three or more NAACL members should send email to
Emily Bender (ebender@uw.edu), the NAACL Past Chair, expressing
support for the nominee and giving evidence that he or she will serve
if elected. (It is recommended that this evidence consist of a
forwarded email from the nominee containing a candidate statement, a
biographical sketch, homepage URL, and a brief affirmation of intent
to serve if elected.) In addition, the nominees for Chair should meet
the criteria set out in the NAACL constitution.

Election process:

The voting period will begin once the final slate of candidates and
voting instructions are announced (soon after November 15th, 2019),
and is scheduled to close on December 15th, 2019.

Many thanks to the Nominating Committee for doing the hard work of
putting together an excellent slate of nominees.

Nominating committee for the 2020 elections:

* Michael White (chair)
* Eduard Hovy
* Matt Post
* Fei Xia
* Hal Daum√© III

For more information about the NAACL, NAACL officer responsibilities,
and NAACL election procedures, please see the NAACL home page
(http://naacl.org/) and the NAACL constitution
(http://naacl.org/policies/constitution.html).

Lapsed Members:

If you were a member of the NAACL last year or the year before and
wish to participate in these elections, please renew your membership
for 2019 and you will also receive instructions to vote in this
election.

Sincerely,

Emily Bender
NAACL Past Chair
(ebender@uw.edu)
