---
layout: default
title: "Candidate Statements for 2020 NAACL Board Elections"
root: ../../
---

The Nominating Committee for the North American Chapter of the Association for
Computational Linguistics (NAACL) has chosen the following candidates for the
open positions on the NAACL board with two year terms beginning January 2020.

Additional nominations can be made until November 15th, 2019. The voting period
will begin once the final slate of candidates and voting instructions are
announced (soon after November 15th, 2019), and is scheduled to close on
December 15th, 2019.

The names below and on the ballot appear in a (fixed) random order.

<!-- nb: named anchors are given their own paragraph so that scrolling in
browsers works more or less ok; otherwise browsers don't seem to scroll past the
banner as desired -->

Chair (one opening, one candidate):
----------------------------------------

<a name="Cherry"> </a>

### [Colin Cherry](https://sites.google.com/site/colinacherry/)

#### Bio

Colin Cherry is a Research Scientist at Google in Montreal. Previously, he
worked at Natural Research Council Canada and Microsoft Research. He received
his Ph.D. in Computing Science from the University of Alberta. His primary
research area is machine translation, but he has been known to venture into
parsing, morphology and information extraction. He is currently secretary for
the NAACL and an action editor for the Transactions of the ACL. He has served as
a workshop chair for HLT-NAACL 2012, as a publications chair for HLT-NAACL 2013,
on the editorial board of Computational Linguistics from 2013 to 2015, and as an
area chair for ACL 2014, IJCNLP 2017 and EMNLP 2019. He co-organized the
Workshop on Deep Learning Approaches for Low-Resource NLP (DeepLo) in 2018 and
2019, and he was Research Program co-chair for the conference of the Association
for Machine Translation in the Americas (AMTA) in 2018.

#### Candidacy Statement

From what I have seen, the role of the NAACL chair is threefold: first to keep
the NAACL board on track with its recurring responsibilities of conference
organization and community outreach, second to act as a liaison between the
NAACL and the ACL, and third to enable and amplify the great ideas of NAACL’s
board members. As a chair candidate, my primary advantage is having served as
secretary for two great NAACL chairs. Over the past four years, I have watched
them do these things expertly, and if selected as chair I will endeavour to do
the same.

In terms of a platform, I mostly offer continuity and stability. These are
extraordinary times for natural language processing, and I have no illusions
about the amount of effort required just to scale our conferences and outreach
to match our field’s rapid growth. I will continue to support NAACL’s widespread
efforts to make its conferences more inclusive, by reducing financial barriers
for disadvantaged groups, continuing to refine our strategies for
family-friendliness, and improving the accessibility of our venues. I also
intend to prioritize a careful discussion of how to handle remote presentation
properly and consistently. Reviewing, of course, remains an ongoing concern as
we attempt to scale our processes to an ever-growing flood of submissions. I
will ensure that the NAACL board remains actively engaged in this discussion as
it continues in our community and in those of our neighbouring fields.

Secretary (one opening, two candidates):
----------------------------------------

<a name="Ji"> </a>

### [Heng Ji](http://blender.cs.illinois.edu/hengji.html)

#### Bio

Heng Ji is a professor at Computer Science Department of University of Illinois
at Urbana-Champaign. She received her B.A. and M. A. in Computational
Linguistics from Tsinghua University, and her M.S. and Ph.D. in Computer Science
from New York University. Her research interests focus on Natural Language
Processing, especially on Information Extraction and Knowledge Base
Population. She is selected as "Young Scientist" and a member of the Global
Future Council on the Future of Computing by the World Economic Forum in 2016
and 2017. The awards she received include "AI's 10 to Watch" Award by IEEE
Intelligent Systems in 2013 and NSF CAREER award in 2009. She has coordinated
the NIST TAC Knowledge Base Population task since 2010. She is the associate
editor for IEEE/ACM Transaction on Audio, Speech, and Language Processing. She
has served as the Program Committee Co-Chair of NAACL-HLT2018, NLP-NABD2018,
NLPCC2015, CSCKG2016 and CCL2019, and senior Information Extraction area chair
for many ACL conferences.

#### Candidacy Statement

As one of the top three Computational Linguistics conferences, NAACL has created
a nice culture of openness, fairness and efficiency in the community. However,
NAACL’s exponential growth is making it increasingly difficult for authors to
gain visibility for their research, find relevant papers, new members to find
mentors, for program chairs to identify conflicts of interest (COI) and match
papers with reviewers. I will focus on the following initiatives.

1. To improve career and paper mentorship matching and general information
   sharing, I will closely work with Softconf and NAACL board to
   semi-automatically build and update a comprehensive NAACL member profile
   knowledge base: (a). A NAACL member can choose if they want a profile;
   (b). Use Information Extraction along with crowd-sourcing techniques to
   disambiguate entities and extract profiles, by integrating multiple sources
   (Softconf, ACL Anthology, webpages, Google Scholar pages, and conference
   pages); (c). Work with Softconf to integrate this knowledge base into
   Softconf, update it over time, and post it on the NAACL website; (d). Get
   input from NAACL board and/or community to create mailing lists (by area and
   subarea) to enable more focused resource sharing and discussions;

2. I will also contribute constructive ideas and techniques to NAACL and ACL
   committees on improving paper COI handling, review matching, review quality
   control process and author disambiguation and paper search, again by
   leveraging my expertise in Information Extraction and the problems I have
   observed from being a recent NAACL2018 PC co-chair.

3. When Amanda Stent and I were co-chairing the NAACL2018 PC, we greatly
   benefitted from the guidelines propagated from former conference chairs and
   we also wrote many guidelines/handbooks at each step for PC chairs and area
   chairs. I will work with NAACL conference chairs to collect all relevant
   materials and integrate them into a common reference repository to share with
   future chairs of NAACL and conferences in other regions and countries.

4. For the basic duties, I will handle external communications through the NAACL
   website, mailing lists and social media in a clear and timely manner, take
   detailed and well-organized minutes at meetings, and run elections in a
   well-organized, fair and transparent format. The relevant services I have
   done in the past include proposing and organizing the nomination and
   selection of the Test-of-time award at NAACL2018, leading several
   multi-institute research efforts, and coordinating NIST TAC-KBP for ten
   years.

<a name="Bethard"> </a>

### [Steven Bethard](https://bethard.faculty.arizona.edu/)

#### Bio

Steven Bethard is an Assistant Professor at the University of Arizona. He has
previously worked at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, Stanford
University, Johns Hopkins University, KU Leuven, and the University of Colorado
Boulder, where he received his PhD in 2007. His research focuses on modeling the
language of time and timelines, normalizing text to medical and geospatial
ontologies, and information extraction models for clinical applications. He is
currently publications co-chair for ACL 2020 and a member of the SIGLEX board,
and has previously served as co-chair of SemEval 2016-2018, publication chair
for EMNLP 2013, area chair for ACL 2015, 2016 and 2019, and is a standing
reviewer for TACL.

#### Candidacy Statement

As NAACL secretary, I would organize meetings, elections and general
communications, including the website and social media. I believe our current
website and Twitter activity are in good shape, and would aim to continue the
recent work in posting relevant NAACL calls multilingually to encourage broad
participation. I would also like to improve communication about the activities
of the NAACL board, for example, condensing one or two interesting items from
each board meeting into something that can be shared on the website and social
media.  As a NAACL board member, I’m interested in working with the rest of the
board to help the NAACL organizers maintain the quality and inclusivity of the
conference in the face of the exploding popularity of NLP, for example, by
finding ways to better scale up the reviewing load. I’m also interested in
helping to organize NAACL-sponsored programs such as the Jelinek Summer School
or NAACL Emerging Regions Funding that help bring new members into our
community.

Board Member nominees (three openings, five candidates):
--------------------------------------------------------

<a name="Traum"> </a>

### [David Traum](http://people.ict.usc.edu/~traum/)

#### Bio

David Traum is the Director for Natural Language Research at the Institute for
Creative Technologies (ICT) and Research Professor in the Department of Computer
Science at the University of Southern California (USC).  He leads the Natural
Language Dialogue Group at ICT. More information about the group can be found
here: http://nld.ict.usc.edu/group/ Traum earned his Ph.D. in Computer Science
at the University of Rochester in 1994.Traum’s research focuses on dialogue
communication between humans and artificial agents.  He has engaged in
theoretical, implementational and empirical approaches to the problem, studying
human-human natural language and multi-modal dialogue, as well as building a
number of dialogue systems to communicate with human users. Traum has authored
over 250 refereed technical articles.

Research Community service includes SIGdial leadership from 1998-2015 (vice
president, president, president emeritus, and board member), area chair for 3
NAACL conferences, ACL Demo Chair (1999), NAACL Workshops co-chair (2010),
Associate editor for Dialogue and Discourse Journal, and (co-)chair of over 30
smaller conferences and workshops.

#### Candidacy Statement

These are “interesting times” for the Computational Linguistics/NLP field! The
recent growth rate is tremendous, e.g. doubling participation and 75% increase
in submissions from ACL 2018 to 2019. Recent initiatives to increase diversity
and inclusion of participants have the potential to further grow the field in
interesting ways. It will be a challenge for NAACL (as well as ACL and other
regions, and related organizations) to preserve the best of what has worked in
the past, while also adapting to accommodate the evolving changes and leverage
new emerging opportunities. I’d like to work with NAACL to help address these
issues, particularly

- How should meetings like NAACL HLT evolve to address increased number of
  submissions? (e.g., how to choose between lower acceptance rate, shorter
  presentations, more parallelism, more conference days, more conferences?)

- How do we improve policies and procedures to maintain high quality, encourage
  innovative and creative (and harder to evaluate) work, and establish more
  uniform and well-understood reviewing criteria (and adherence)?

- How can we better support the needs for natural language processing research
  for and from all of the Americas?

- How can we support a research infrastructure including stakeholders from
  industry and academia to support developers, researchers, trainees, and
  consumers?

<a name="Solorio"> </a>

### [Thamar Solorio](http://solorio.uh.edu/)

#### Bio

Thamar Solorio is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science
at the University of Houston (UH). Her main research interests include stylistic
modeling of text and enable technology and information extraction for user
generated data. She has M.S. and PhD degrees in Computer Science from INAOE,
Puebla, Mexico. Her research program has been supported by the Department of
Defense, the National Science Foundation, the Office of Naval Research, and
ADOBE Inc. She is the recipient of an NSF CAREER award for her work on
authorship analysis. She is also recipient of the 2014 Emerging Leader ABIE
Award in honor of Denice Denton. She serves as editorial board member for the
Computer Speech and Language Journal. She has served as reviewer and area chair
to ACL, NAACL, AAAI, among others, and was program co-chair for NAACL 2019.

#### Candidacy Statement

Our community keeps growing, and while this rapid growth is welcomed as it
brings innovation, energy, and new brilliant minds, it also strains our
infrastructure and it makes it harder for our community to mentor younger
researchers and scale up our diversity efforts. If elected as a member of the
NAACL board, I plan to make progress towards the following initiatives:

- I would like to explore alternatives to START for our conference submission
management system, for example, the one used by AAAI. In my experience as PC
co-chair for NAACL 2019, and as observed in the follow-up conferences, START
showed technical challenges supporting the number of submissions and
users. Additionally, there is also a lot of manual work still needed when
assembling the different components of the conference (handbook, proceedings,
conference schedule, and app). This manual work makes the process error prone. I
plan to invest efforts into improving this aspect by investigating other popular
conference management systems.

- Design and launch a “mentor the reviewers” system so that well-seasoned
reviewers can provide advice and mentorship to less-experienced reviewers to
improve the overall quality of the review process while still allowing younger
researchers and researchers new to NAACL to contribute to the process.

- Support initiatives like the WiNLP workshop to increase their visibility by
exploring ways in which some of the talks can be allocated space during the main
conference event. For example, talks from previous WiNLP events, voted for by
workshop attendees, can be invited to be presented at the main conference. In
this way, awareness of very important issues presented at WiNLP can be broadcast
to the wider NLP community.

- Explore a tiered registration cost to our conference so that large companies
pay higher registration costs for their researchers, while researchers from
places with low travel budgets and postdoctoral researchers pay fees closer to
the student registration costs. This will keep the conference costs manageable
while allowing more room to support researchers from underrepresented regions
and institutions.

<a name="Muresan"> </a>

### [Smaranda Muresan](http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~smara/)

#### Bio

Smaranda Muresan is a Research Scientist at the Data Science Institute at
Columbia University. Her research focuses on computational models for
understanding language in context, such as social context or visual context,
with application to computational social science and education.  She served as
Faculty Advisor for NAACL 2015 Student Research Workshop, and as a co-organizer
of the 2nd Workshop on Argumentation Mining at NAACL 2015 and the Workshop on
Figurative Language Processing at NAACL 2018. She served the ACL/NAACL/EMNLP
community as reviewer and area chair and will serve as Program Co-chair for the
Special Interest Group on Discourse and Dialogue (SIGDIAL 2020) and as senior
area chair for ACL 2020.

#### Candidacy Statement

NAACL has a top quality conference and a fast growing community. As a member of
the board I would like to work towards maintaining the high quality of the
conference and supporting inclusiveness and interdisciplinary research. One
priority would be to ensure that a larger number of high quality papers
introducing creative and non-mainstream ideas are part of the NAACL
program. Another priority, closely linked, would be to improve the quality of
reviewing especially given the explosion in number of paper submissions. The
hierarchical model of having one or two senior area chairs (SACs) and many area
chairs (AC) who will be responsible for a small number of papers (at most 20) is
a step forward. This model will allow SACs and ACs to propose the list of
reviewers in their area based on expertise (possibly consulting or starting from
list of reviewers in previous years) and to ensure that each paper is assigned a
good mixture of senior and more junior reviewers. I also think that a simple and
structured review form that encourages reviewers to provide arguments to support
their assessment of papers' strengths and weaknesses is a step forward to ensure
quality reviews. And last but not least, I would argue in favor of keeping the
author response as part of the reviewing process and having a constructive
meta-review for each paper that communicates to the authors the main issues
raised during the discussion period besides the main points in the reviews.

<a name="Axelrod"> </a>

### [Amittai Axelrod](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=MDNma1EAAAAJ)

#### Bio

Amittai Axelrod is a staff scientist at DiDi Chuxing in Los Angeles, working on
machine translation, dialog systems, and energy efficiency. They wandered into
NAACL in 2003, without knowing what NLP was. Now, they have: degrees from MIT,
U. of Edinburgh, and U. of Washington (PhD 2014); spent summers at ISI and
Microsoft; been a postdoc at U. of Maryland and Johns Hopkins, and worked at
Amazon. Amittai was the program chair / co-organizer of the Widening NLP (WiNLP)
workshops in 2018 (@NAACL) and 2019 (@ACL).

#### Candidacy Statement

My goal in joining the NAACL board is to build closer ties with NLP communities
in the rest of the Americas. This has been a long-standing NAACL effort,
evidenced by the Emerging Regions Fund and the 2021 conf site! These are
significant steps, but we can still do a lot more. Our challenge isn't to
convince potential graduate students in Mexico/Brazil/Peru/Chile/etc that NLP is
a worthy field, nor to prove to ourselves that Mexico exists, but rather to
ensure that we, the umbrella org, are connected with regional counterparts,
wherever they may be.

I've spent the past two years helping members of underrepresented NLP
communities join *ACL. WiNLP, while labor-intensive, is very effective at
increasing year-on-year participation from external NLP communities. I've seen
that the most important factors are:
1. Experienced mentorship.
2. Physically moving people between the communities.

We (as NAACL) can take a different tack: we can work with existing local
conferences and workshops to have experienced NAACL members provide mentoring
and feedback on papers, posters, or presentations. A few people spending a
morning giving constructive feedback has a huge impact, for little cost. This
isn't a new idea, just a different implementation; we already do these things
with students in our own institutions, by having 1-1 meetings and sending them
to conferences. In this manner, NAACL becomes a little more portable and a
little more accessible. There is no shortage of kindness nor goodwill in NAACL;
the rest just takes dollars and coordination. As the loneliest puertorrican in
NLP, I have some first-hand experience and a vested interest in this effort, and
I intend to keep working on it.

<a name="Villavicencio"> </a>

### [Aline Villavicencio](https://sites.google.com/view/alinev)

#### Bio

Aline Villavicencio is a Reader/Professor in Computer Science affiliated to the
Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul (Brazil) and to the University of
Sheffield (UK). Her research interests include lexical semantics,
multilinguality, and cognitively motivated NLP. She received her PhD from the
University of Cambridge (UK), held postdoc positions at the University of
Cambridge and University of Essex (UK) and was a Visiting Scholar at
institutions like the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (USA) and École
Normale Supérieure (France). She is the PC co-chair of CoNLL-2019, Area Chair
for events like ACL-2019, NAACL 2018, COLING 2018, and General co-chair for the
13th Int. Conf. on Computational Processing of Portuguese (PROPOR 2018). She is
a member of the advisory board of WiNLP, of the editorial board of TACL, JNLE,
Journal of Language Modelling and Linguamatica, and a reviewer for various
conferences, in addition to having co-chaired numerous *ACL workshops on
Cognitive Aspects of Computational Language Acquisition and on Multiword
Expressions. She has also co-edited special issues and books dedicated to these
topics.

#### Candidacy Statement

If elected to the NAACL board one of my main goals is working towards increasing
geographical diversity and inclusion of underrepresented NLP communities at
NAACL events. There are many thriving NLP groups doing amazing work on a rich
diversity of (often under-resourced) languages, and their greater presence at
*ACL events would enrich and facilitate the exchange of knowledge and ideas and
foster collaborations. This includes supporting NAACL initiatives and activities
that promote diversity and inclusion, like WiNLP which has successfully
increased participation of underrepresented communities. I am also committed
towards promoting further the diversity and inclusion of areas in NAACL
events. There is a growing community working towards strengthening the links
with researchers from cognitive sciences, brain science, physics and biology. I
will work towards supporting these efforts and promoting the greater presence of
interdisciplinary initiatives in NAACL events for facilitating collaborations.

Additional nominations:
-----------------------

Additional nominations can be submitted until November 15th, 2019. To make a
nomination, three or more NAACL members should send email to NAACL past-chair,
Emily Bender at [ebender@uw.edu](mailto:ebender@uw.edu) expressing support for
the nominee and giving evidence that he or she will serve if elected. (It is
recommended that this evidence consist of a forwarded email from the nominee
containing a candidate statement, a biographical sketch, homepage URL, and a
brief affirmation of intent to serve if elected.) In addition, the nominees for
Chair should meet the criteria set out in the NAACL
[constitution](http://naacl.org/policies/constitution.html).

Election process:
-----------------

The voting period will begin once the final slate of candidates and voting
instructions are announced (soon after November 15th), and is scheduled to close
on December 15.

Many thanks to the Nominating Committee for doing the hard work of putting
together an excellent slate of nominees.

Nominating committee for the 2020 elections:

- Matt Post (chair)
- Fei Xia
- Hal Daumé III
- Philip Resnik
- Ellen Riloff

For more information about the NAACL, NAACL officer responsibilities, and NAACL
election procedures, please see the [NAACL home page](http://naacl.org), and the
NAACL constitution, which is available there.
